Update release tracking template (#1572)
aws/eks-distro: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/release-tracking-issue.md

assignees: ''

---
### Handle Existing PRs (Mon)
- [ ] For PRs created by `eks-distro-pr-bot` in the below repos, review and merge changes
  - [ ] [eks-distro](https://github.com/aws/eks-distro/pulls/eks-distro-pr-bot)
  - [ ] [eks-distro-build-tooling](https://github.com/aws/eks-distro-build-tooling/pulls/eks-distro-pr-bot)
  - [ ] [eks-distro-prow-jobs](https://github.com/aws/eks-distro-prow-jobs/pulls/eks-distro-pr-bot)

> - [ ]  For non-EKS-D-bot PRs in the below repos, review and merge all un-held/non-WIP/production-ready/non-breaking PRs intended for the release or release process; follow up with the authors of the remaining PRs about if the changes are intended for the release and, if so, what additional work needs to be done.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ]  For PRs not created by `eks-distro-pr-bot` in the below repos, review and merge all un-held/non-WIP/production-ready/non-breaking PRs intended for the release or release process; follow up with the authors of the remaining PRs about if the changes are intended for the release and, if so, what additional work needs to be done.
```

  - [ ] [eks-distro](https://github.com/aws/eks-distro/pulls?q=is%3Apr+is%3Aopen+-author%3Aeks-distro-pr-bot)
  - [ ] [eks-distro-build-tooling](https://github.com/aws/eks-distro-build-tooling/pulls?q=is%3Apr+is%3Aopen+-author%3Aeks-distro-pr-bot)
  - [ ] [eks-distro-prow-jobs](https://github.com/aws/eks-distro-prow-jobs/pulls?q=is%3Apr+is%3Aopen+-author%3Aeks-distro-pr-bot)

### Check for new project versions (Mon/Tues)
#### EKS

>   - [ ] kubernetes/kubernetes

Author: I left these off because we don't look at those to determine our updates.

>   - [ ] kubernetes/cloud-provider-aws

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [ ] [kubernetes/cloud-provider-aws](https://github.com/kubernetes/cloud-provider-aws)
```

>   - [ ] kubernetes-sigs/aws-iam-authenticator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [ ] [kubernetes-sigs/aws-iam-authenticator](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/aws-iam-authenticator)
```

  - [ ] containernetworking/plugins
  - [ ] coredns/coredns
  - [ ] etcd-io/etcd
#### EKS-D
  - [ ] [kubernetes-sigs/metrics-server](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/metrics-server/releases)
  - [ ] [kubernetes-csi/external-attacher](https://github.com/kubernetes-csi/external-attacher/releases)
  - [ ] [kubernetes-csi/external-provisioner](https://github.com/kubernetes-csi/external-provisioner/releases)
  - [ ] [kubernetes-csi/external-resizer](https://github.com/kubernetes-csi/external-resizer/releases)
  - [ ] [kubernetes-csi/external-snapshotter](https://github.com/kubernetes-csi/external-snapshotter/releases)
  - [ ] [kubernetes-csi/livenessprobe](https://github.com/kubernetes-csi/livenessprobe/releases)
  - [ ] [kubernetes-csi/node-driver-registrar](https://github.com/kubernetes-csi/node-driver-registrar/releases)

### Check for patch changes (Mon/Tues)
  - [ ] Check for patches for all versions

### Start Code Freeze (Tues)

> - [ ] Announce code freeze for Non-Release Related Changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Announce code freeze, via slack, for Non-Release Related Changes
```

### Recheck for new PRs (Wed)
- [ ] After all the release-related changes are done, recheck for new PRs created by `eks-distro-pr-bot` in the below repos; review and merge them
  - [ ] [eks-distro](https://github.com/aws/eks-distro/pulls/eks-distro-pr-bot)
  - [ ] [eks-distro-build-tooling](https://github.com/aws/eks-distro-build-tooling/pulls/eks-distro-pr-bot)
  - [ ] [eks-distro-prow-jobs](https://github.com/aws/eks-distro-prow-jobs/pulls/eks-distro-pr-bot)

### *Duplicate the following sections for each branch being released*:

---

{RELEASE_BRANCH}

### Cut Dev Release (Wed AM)
- [ ] Open and merge dev release PR {RELEASE_BRANCH}
- [ ] Confirm [Prow jobs](https://prow.eks.amazonaws.com/?repo=aws%2Feks-distro&type=postsubmit&job=*1-2*) `dev-release-{RELEASE_BRANCH}-postsubmit` and `build-{RELEASE_BRANCH}-postsubmit` finished successfully

### Cut Prod Release (Thurs AM)
- [ ] Open and merge prod release PR {RELEASE_BRANCH}
- [ ] Confirm prod release was successful
  - [ ] [Prow jobs](https://prow.eks.amazonaws.com/?repo=aws%2Feks-distro&type=postsubmit&job=*1-2*) `prod-release-{RELEASE_BRANCH}-postsubmit` and `build-{RELEASE_BRANCH}-postsubmit` finished successfully

>   - [ ] Release manifest is available and looks right

Reviewer: note: it'd be nice to have an automated check, even just a simple script, that checks this

  - [ ] Images are in [ECR](https://gallery.ecr.aws/eks-distro) 

### Announce Release (Thurs PM)

> *NOTE: upcoming releases do not get announced*

Reviewer: meaning, we don't announce the dates of future releases?

Author: Meaning if we have 1.25 prod release cut but havne't reached the EKS launch date, we shouldn't announce it. I figure we'll ahve more details in the runbook

> - [ ] Update docs (Running `make docs` + any additional manual changes) 

Reviewer: link?

Author: Trying to skate the line between helpful prompts and being too descriptive and creating another point of divergence from the runbook, which is the source of truth. I'm thinking this should just say "Update docs" here and have more data in the runbook

- [ ] Get PR reviewed and merged
- [ ] Confirm docs changes
  - [ ] Check [website](https://distro.eks.amazonaws.com/) was updated
  - [ ] Check that SNS was received
- [ ] Tag release
- [ ] Generate Release on GitHub from tag
- [ ] Verify [Release on GitHub](https://github.com/aws/eks-distro/releases) was created successfully
- [ ] Notify release Slack channel

---

### Post Release Tasks (Thurs PM)
- [ ] Open EKS-A PR (see [example](https://github.com/aws/eks-anywhere-build-tooling/pull/965))
- [ ] Open BottleRocket PR  –– 1.22+ only (see [example](https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket/pull/2230))

> - [ ] Open Rover PR

Reviewer: is this a PR or a CR?
